README.md, before:

MLKit
======

JavaScript web application framework.

Status
---------------

Not usable at this point. Only a fraction of the code has been cleaned up and commited.

These classes still need to be cleaned up:
  - Event
  - Screen
  - RootResponder
  - Router
  - Model
  - ControlView
  - ButtonView
  - TemplateView
  - etc

ML.View is also missing a majority of the helper methods.

A previous version is in use at [SignNow](https://signnow.com)

Acknowledgement
------------
MLKit is heavily inspired by Apple's [UIKit](http://developer.apple.com/library/ios/#documentation/uikit/reference/UIKit_Framework/_index.html) and [SproutCore](http://sproutcore.com/) (which was also inspired by UIKit)
Additionally, some concepts, code or inspiration has been borrowed from [Backbone.js](http://documentcloud.github.com/backbone/) and [Knockout.js](http://knockoutjs.com/). Both awesome frameworks in their own right.

License
------------

MIT Licensed
http://www.opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php

Commit message:

renamed project from MLKit to Cowbell, this commit changes the namespace from ML to CB. Some of it was manual, some find-and-replace so there may be issues

README.md, after:

Cowbell (formerly MLKit)
======

JavaScript web application framework.

Status
---------------

Not usable at this point. Only a fraction of the code has been cleaned up and commited.

These classes still need to be cleaned up:
  - Event
  - Screen
  - RootResponder
  - Router
  - Model
  - ControlView
  - ButtonView
  - TemplateView
  - etc

CB.View is also missing a majority of the helper methods.

A previous version is in use at [SignNow](https://signnow.com) (under the previous name of MLKit)

Acknowledgement
------------

Cowbell is heavily inspired by Apple's [UIKit](http://developer.apple.com/library/ios/#documentation/uikit/reference/UIKit_Framework/_index.html) and [SproutCore](http://sproutcore.com/) (which was also inspired by UIKit)
Additionally, some concepts, code or inspiration has been borrowed from [Backbone.js](http://documentcloud.github.com/backbone/) and [Knockout.js](http://knockoutjs.com/). Both awesome frameworks in their own right.

License
------------

MIT Licensed
http://www.opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php
